You will now learn about
how words are being
represented in the neural
machine translation setting.
You will also see what
the dataset looks like.
When implementing
the systems I'll
show you that you need to
keep track of a few things.
For example, which words
correspond to what sectors.
With that said let's dive in.
This is an example
of the type of
input data that you will
have for your
assignments this week.
Over here you have the
sequence, I'm hungry,
and on the right
you have the corresponding
French equivalent.
Further down, I watch
the soccer game and the
corresponding French equivalent.
You're going to have a
great many of these inputs.
You should know
that the state of
the art models use
pretrained vectors.
But otherwise, the first
thing you'll do is
to use a one-hot vector
to represent the words.
Usually you'll keep track of
your mappings with
the word to index,
and index to word dictionary.
Given any input, you
transform it into
indices and then vice
versa when you make
the predictions.
You'll also normally use
an end of sequence token.
You will pad your token vectors
with zeros to match the length
of the longest sequence.
Here's an example.
This is an English sentence and
the tokenized version of
the English sentence.
You can see that
it has an index of
4,546 for the word both.
After the initial tokenization,
just add EOS token
shown here is one,
and pad with zeros to
match the length of
the longest sequence.
Now let's go to the
French translation of
that sequence along with
the tokenized version of
the French translation.
Notice that one is the end
of sentence token here to.
It's also followed by a
series of padding zeros.
Given now that you know
how to represent words,
how to initialize your model,
and how to structure
your dataset,
you can go ahead and start
training your model.
In the next video, I'll show
you how you can do this.